[Native] REST/GraphQL API authz consolidation (#2211)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/restapi/fragments/native_common/authz/common.md

        "<YOUR-RESTENDPOINT-NAME>": {
            "endpointType": "REST",
            "endpoint": "YOUR-REST-ENDPOINT",
            "region": "us-west-2",
            "authorizationType": "API_KEY",
            "API_KEY": "[API_KEY]"
        }
    }
}
```

## Cognito User pool authorization

If you set up the API Gateway with a custom authorization with a Cognito User pool, then you can set the `amplifyconfiguration.json` to use `COGNITO_USER_POOL`. 

```json
{
    "awsAPIPlugin": {
        "<YOUR-RESTENDPOINT-NAME>": {
            "endpointType": "REST",
            "endpoint": "YOUR-REST-ENDPOINT",
            "region": "us-west-2",
            "authorizationType": "COGNITO_USER_POOL"
        }
    }
}
```

Your `amplifyconfiguration.json` should contain Cognito configuration in the `awsCognitoAuthPlugin` block, including details about your Cognito user pool:
```json
{
    "CognitoUserPool": {
        "Default": {
            "PoolId": "POOL-ID",
            "AppClientId": "APP-CLIENT-ID",
            "AppClientSecret": "APP-CLIENT-SECRET",
            "Region": "us-east-1"
        }
    },
    "CredentialsProvider": {
        "CognitoIdentity": {
            "Default": {

>                 "PoolId": "YOUR-COGNITO-IDENTITY-POOLID",

Author: ```suggestion
                "PoolId": "[YOUR-COGNITO-IDENTITY-POOLID]",
```

When creating the REST API, you assigned the permissions for these roles when you were asked if you wanted to restrict access. If no, then unauth role will have access to the API. If yes, you would have configured more fine grain access to your API.

### Unauthenticated Requests

You can use the API category to access API Gateway endpoints that don't require authentication. In this case, you need to allow unauthenticated identities in your Amazon Cognito Identity Pool settings. For more information, please visit [Amazon Cognito Developer Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/identity-pools.html#enable-or-disable-unauthenticated-identities).

Your requests will be automatically have the IAM credentials when your API is set up to use IAM as the authorization mode. For example, you can check this by looking at what authorization type is configured for the API

```json
{
    "awsAPIPlugin": {
        "<YOUR-RESTENDPOINT-NAME>": {
            "endpointType": "REST",
            "endpoint": "YOUR-REST-ENDPOINT",
            "region": "us-west-2",

>             "authorizationType": "IAM"

Reviewer: "authorizationType": "AWS_IAM"

Author: ```suggestion
            "authorizationType": "AWS_IAM"
```

        }
    }
}
```

## API Key

If you want to configure the REST API to be a public API, you can set an API key on the API Gateway and update your configuration to use the API key. You should have the following configuration in your `amplifyconfiguration.json` file containing the `API_KEY` authorization mode and the value of the API key to be used when creating requests.

```json
{
    "awsAPIPlugin": {
        "<YOUR-RESTENDPOINT-NAME>": {
            "endpointType": "REST",
            "endpoint": "YOUR-REST-ENDPOINT",
            "region": "us-west-2",
            "authorizationType": "API_KEY",

>             "API_KEY": "[API_KEY]"

Reviewer: `"apiKey": "YOUR_API_KEY"`

Author: ```suggestion
            "API_KEY": "YOUR_API_KEY"
```

        }
    }
}
```

## Cognito User pool authorization

> If you set up the API Gateway with a custom authorization with a Cognito User pool, then you can set the `amplifyconfiguration.json` to use `COGNITO_USER_POOL`. 

Reviewer: `AMAZON_COGNITO_USER_POOLS`

Author: ```suggestion
If you set up the API Gateway with a custom authorization with a Cognito User pool, then you can set the `amplifyconfiguration.json` to use `AMAZON_COGNITO_USER_POOLS `. 
```

```json
{
    "awsAPIPlugin": {
        "<YOUR-RESTENDPOINT-NAME>": {
            "endpointType": "REST",
            "endpoint": "YOUR-REST-ENDPOINT",
            "region": "us-west-2",

>             "authorizationType": "COGNITO_USER_POOL"

Reviewer: `"authorizationType": "AMAZON_COGNITO_USER_POOLS"`

Author: ```suggestion
            "authorizationType": "AMAZON_COGNITO_USER_POOLS"
```

        }
    }
}
```

Also in `amplifyconfiguration.json` file, under `awsCognitoAuthPlugin` will contain the corresponding Cognito configuration values that refer to the Cognito User Pool you want to use.
```json

> {

Reviewer 2: In this snippet, I suggest to include more context. I would start _all_ of your code snippets with `"awsAPIPlugin"`, so that the reader can compare them to one another and clearly distinguish the semantic changes _only for_ auth.

    "CognitoUserPool": {
        "Default": {
            "PoolId": "POOL-ID",
            "AppClientId": "APP-CLIENT-ID",

>             "AppClientSecret": "APP-CLIENT-SECRET",

Reviewer: ```
"PoolId": "YOUR-POOL-ID",
"AppClientId": "YOUR-APP-CLIENT-ID",
"AppClientSecret": "YOUR-APP-CLIENT-SECRET",
```
^ to be more consistent with the rest of "YOUR-STUFF-HERE" pattern?

Author: ```suggestion
            "PoolId": "[YOUR-POOL-ID]",
            "AppClientId": "[YOUR-APP-CLIENT-ID]",
            "AppClientSecret": "[YOUR-APP-CLIENT-SECRET]",
```

            "Region": "us-east-1"
        }
    },
    "CredentialsProvider": {
        "CognitoIdentity": {
            "Default": {
                "PoolId": "YOUR-COGNITO-IDENTITY-POOLID",
                "Region": "us-east-1"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> This will automatically add the Authorization header with access token to your requests to this API. To see more details on how to configure the API Gateway with the custom authorization, see [this](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-integrate-with-cognito.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this configuration, your access token will automatically be included in outbound requests to your API, as an `Authorization` header. For more details on how to configure the API Gateway with the custom authorization, see [this](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/apigateway-integrate-with-cognito.html)
```

## Custom Interceptor

If you have a custom token from another provider, you can set it `custom` and create your own interceptor

```
CUSTOM INTERCEPTOR CODE

> ```

Reviewer: Custom interceptor is not available in Android right now. This section should perhaps be moved to iOS-only doc?

Author: Hi @raphkim, custom interceptors should fall into the use cases of
1. Adding metadata to requests, including having customizations on top of Cognito User Pool as a provider
2. Retrieving a token from a provider other than cognito user pool.  

I wonder what is currently supported in Android, 
how do I update request header values? Do i simply add to the APIRequest object?
how do I add a custom OIDC auth provider? (I see a case for OIDC [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-android/blob/main/aws-api/src/main/java/com/amplifyframework/api/aws/AppSyncSigV4SignerInterceptorFactory.java#L105-L117))

Author: on iOS, it currently looks like this https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-ios/issues/780#issuecomment-702926246

Reviewer: * You use `RestOptions` to add headers to REST API requests
```
RestOptions.builder()
    .addHeader("key", "value")
    .build();
```
* When constructing `AWSApiPlugin`, you can pass optional `ApiAuthProviders` instance alongside it. So the code will look like this:
```
new ApiAuthPlugin(ApiAuthProviders.builder()
    .oidcAuthProvider(() -> "<token here>")
    .build());
```
The lambda can be replaced with an actual implementation of `OidcAuthProvider` as well.

Author: - Updated iOS code snippet to use OIDC provider.
- added section for using Cognito user pool as _the_ OIDC provider, and retrieving the ID Token. (since we default to use accessToken)
- added placeholder for Android's example
```java
ApiAuthProviders authProviders = ApiAuthProviders.builder()
    .oidcAuthProvider(() -> {
        // TODO: Amplify.Auth.fetchAuthSession
    })
    .build();
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure about this one. Where does the user set `custom`? Does this work on Android? Should we just skip this section for now? We can always come back and add it later. Or is the `CUSTOM INTERCEPTOR CODE` mean to be in Swift/Kotlin code?

Author: that must have been WIP text, i've updated in regards to using `OPENID_CONNECT` in amplifyconfiguration.json, and added the corresponding files

## Note related to use Access Token or ID Token

The ID Token contains claims about the identity of the authenticated user such as name, email, and phone_number. It could have custom claims as well, for example using [Amplify CLI](https://docs.amplify.aws/cli/usage/lambda-triggers#override-id-token-claims). On the Amplify Authentication category you can retrieve the Id Token using: 

```javascript
(await Auth.currentSession()).getIdToken().getJwtToken();

> ``` 

Reviewer 2: Ah crap, these two JavaScript snippets here  (L104, L110) break the `native_common` paradigm you're going for. :-(.

Author: updated

The Access Token contains scopes and groups and is used to grant access to authorized resources. [This is a tutorial for enabling custom scopes.](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/cognito-custom-scopes-api-gateway/). You can retrieve the Access Token using 

```javascript
(await Auth.currentSession()).getAccessToken().getJwtToken();
```

## Customizing HTTP request headers

To use custom headers on your HTTP request, you need to add these to Amazon API Gateway first. For more info about configuring headers, please visit [Amazon API Gateway Developer Guide](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/how-to-cors.html)

> If you have used Amplify CLI to create your API, you can enable custom headers by following above steps:  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you used the Amplify CLI to create your API, you can enable custom headers by following these steps:  
```

1. Visit [Amazon API Gateway console](https://aws.amazon.com/api-gateway/).
3. On Amazon API Gateway console, click on the path you want to configure (e.g. /{proxy+})
4. Then click the *Actions* dropdown menu and select **Enable CORS**
5. Add your custom header (e.g. my-custom-header) on the text field Access-Control-Allow-Headers, separated by commas, like: 'Content-Type,X-Amz-Date,Authorization,X-Api-Key,X-Amz-Security-Token,my-custom-header'.
6. Click on 'Enable CORS and replace existing CORS headers' and confirm.

> 7. Finally, similar to step 3, click the Actions drop-down menu and then select **Deploy API**. Select **Development** on deployment stage and then **Deploy**. (Deployment could take a couple of minutes).

Reviewer 2: Do we need these, or can we just reference API Gateway's documentation, only?

Author: I actually pulled these from JS docs so we're having shared documentation, except native is under native_common folder/authz.md. At this point, i'd prefer to keep/remove this section when we consolidate the native_common with js
